Matthew Penner

implang.py:

For this file, I ended up using both the built in update function with the built in environment alongside the update function written
specifically for the code.  The two working together, one for a variable I called "restored_scope" which passes in a restored environment
using a prev list and the main function called "update_self" which follows the logic from exercise5, made the results very accurate.  I ran
both imp files given in the zip file, and both printed accurately without any error messages.  I made some mistakes when writing functions
for each operation listed out in the grammar.  Instead of visiting each variable, my return statement looked like "return variable1 + variable2"
rather than "return self.visit(variable1) + self.visit(variable2)."  This confusion was very quickly cleared up.

implang2.py:

In the grammar, the existing "expr" function was renamed to "aexpr" per the assignment guidelines to avoid any confusion.  New rules were added for
dealing with the equality operators '<' and '==' under the new "expr" rule.  The Eval class has new methods to handle each of these operators.  The 
implementation was very identical to previous assignments, and I faced no challenges when initially implementing them.  Finally, I added the rule for 
"forstmt" in the grammar and made a function in Eval() that evaluates an instance of a for loop.  

The .imp files:

The biggest area I made errors was my placement of semicolons.  It was easier to create each of these files by basing each off of python code, and then
applying the syntax to the file.  For my fac.imp, I initialized 3 variables: n to equal 6 (1 plus the factorial number), x to equal 1 as a starting number
, and i to equal 1.  i iterates until equal to 5, which is the final time the while loop is executed. x multiplies i, and i is incremented.  Finally, x is printed.

For my prime.imp file, I set variable y = 10 as that is the limit for this program.  Variable x was set to 2 as that is the first prime number.
I had trouble implementing the logic as the grammar posed limitations on what I could and could not do with my program.  Instead of using modulus as that is the wisest 
choice for this assignment, I resorted to using division. Variable z is a boolean value that is set to either 1 or 0, and the code changes it depending on if x is a prime number.
If z is equal to 1, x is printed out, and this process is repeated until the maximum parameter is met.

For sum.imp, I set x to 0, and iterated using a for loop added i to x until i was equal to 100.

It was very hard for me to tell if these worked or not.  When running each of these files with implang2.py, I got this error: "Variable '{x}' is undefined."  Test1.imp and
test2.imp both work perfectly according to the output, so I encountered confusion in where my code was going wrong.


